I know I have failed an exam, and plan to never tell anyone because I'm deeply embarrassed.
Yeah I'm set aye
Siddharth Raj your boobs are at least a b cup, I'm sure Peter loved them
Try cheating. Where is that guy who advertised https://essaybros.com here?"
After fucking up all my exams I've decided I need a new approach next sem. Any advice on how to seduce a tutor is appreciated ;)  *keep in mind I have small boobs
I actually don't know what Lucy is
But fuck no this ain't me
sif bro lucy in the sky with diamonds
Ahhhh I see
Shayan Omidi is this you
it really pains me when people ask all excitedly "Oh who are you going with to black party?" or "Who are you taking to Defqon?" and i reply Lucy or Molly because deep inside, i think we both know those aren't girls names...
I'm going to transfer my commerce degree to media in public relation and advertising. It bachlaor of arts and business is better ??
Exams are important to me, because father spent a lot of money educating me, and I would be doing him a disservice if I did poorly. But recently, I've run into a row of bad finals. I can't look him in the eye. I can't face him. Today, I fucked up my last test. I can't even kill myself because of how much it would disappoint him. I'm doomed to live a pitiful existence if I don't redeem myself somehow. Guys, exams aren't a joke. Don't fuck up. Don't take your education for granted. Marks aren't everything, but they do say something about the sort of person you are. And frankly, if it turns out that I'm just a really shitty person, why continue to be a stench to others?
Not a confession but more of a request. I'm looking to get back into penspinning - are there any penspinning senpais willing to teach me? :)
When snapchat filters are your life
exams. need I say more.
Lamisa Haque LOL
Cyndi Nguyen and the fucking Windows
WHY THE FUCK IS THE AIR CON TURNED ON FULL BLAST IN THE FUCKING ASB   
WHOSE DUMB SHIT IDEA WAS IT TO TURN THE BUILDING INTO A FUCKING FRIDGE WHEN ITS ALREADY FREEZING OUTSIDE  
THE ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF OF UNIVERSITY IS LEGITIMATELY RETARDED
Hahahaha that is so tru! :D
Sathvik Nimmagadda literally you
U dont even go here
Sachini Liyanage stfu
Yeah wow u realised i actually come to lectures
ann u go usyd lel
Mohammed Mulla  go away mohammed
lol Mohammed Mulla Hannah Lorine Gloria Lee
Harman Lally James Chen looooool
We did it!!!! :)
Anjanaa Rajaratnam HAHHAHAHA OMG
Vincent Tran hahahaha
STAHP i feel terrible as it is xD
Yasmine Toufaili  LOL this is so you
Aratrika Bose omg same !!!!!!
Ahahaha yeah  man- I mean look at u- no lectures today and you're still going to uni
Hahaha shhhhh
Hehehehe.
Ria Megan truer words have not been spoken
Kyla Tan u
Life is too hard
so true!
HAHAHAHAA Annita Katee Batliwala
Alisa Jeregui just as I started going to 1151 lectures
when you've finally got the motivation to go to lectures, but they finish this week.
Fuck, exams are soon. please remind me what I have done for the past 12 weeks. it's all a blur
I really like hummus. not sure if it's the texture or the orgasmic flavour. but just thought id share that I have found love.
I'm proud to be a bus boy, although secretly envious of those who drive to uni :'(
Arup Saha could be anupam but nah
shoulda got them snacks"
Actually wanted to spew last night when I could hear my sister having sex in the room next to mine. Doesn't she care about my sanity?
Have faith! It happens in really life too!"
waiting for the day that I order coffee and the barista has put their number on the cup #onlyinmovies
When ever someone tells me they're religious. They actually tell me they should be avoided.
It's actually callled Campus Bible Study lolololol"
CBS stands for Christian Bible Studies when really it should stand for Christian Bull Shit.
So tempted to pull the fire alarm in chemical sciences, to delay my lab prac.
Michelle Nguyen u someday
No I'm going to change that
I'm trying to sleep at 11pm every night before uni
So I get 7.5 hrs eep
Tristan Bagnulo you cos you never sleep
HAHAHA omg ded
Nikitha Raghavan me
HAHAHAH but you better wake me if that ever happens
Tash Tein "i want to lie on the lawn"
Me during stuvac
LOOL"
I fell asleep on library lawn at lunch, and woke when it was dark. Why did nobody wake me?
why is enrolment already open? how am I supposed to know what subjects i'm doing next semester, when I can't even decide on what to eat for lunch
100% worth
There aren't enough, trust me I've tried"
Teasoc swaps between Tuesday and Wednesday every week.
Monday lunch - CSE bbq
Tuesday - free vegetarian at COFA, sometimes VSA
Wednesday morning - teasoc and waffles at innovation centre
Wednesday lunch - sometimes AnimeUNSW or VSA
Wednesday evening - PCSoc pizza
Thursday - ????, food lovers fortnightly 
Friday - Free toast at COFA"
Joe Nguyen LOL
free food vs endless waves of email spam
which one?"
Brian Au,this is us
I plan on joining all of the societies, that way I never have to buy food because of all the free bbq's ;)
Kim TranSteph Cheung i think you guys trump this
Shashank Soman is this you haha?
Holy shit Esma Bragg
yeah man chuck a control systems on that saturday aswell and we have mine
And karaoke ;)
Mihir Wagle Their exam timetable isn't even as bad as yours last sem.
Aydon Lim Karl Huang Wilson Chung D:
Status: getting raped by unsw T_T
exam timetable:
Wednesday 15/06/2016 08:45 12:00 MATH2069:Mathematics 2A
Thursday 16/06/2016 08:45 12:00 ELEC2134:Circuits and Signals
Friday 17/06/2016 08:45 12:00 COMP2121:Microprocessors & Interfacing
Saturday 18/06/2016 08:45 11:00 COMP2911:Eng. Design in Computing
Oh my God! So many stairs! I'd like to find whoever invented the stairs, and push him down these stairs, just to show him how stupid stairs are! Then his legs will be broken, and he will no longer be able to climb the stairs any more! It'll be ironic, and then his wife will leave him and go be with the man who invented the elevator, because everyone knows that elevators are much sexier than stairs, and oh my God, I'm not even close to being at the top yet, why are there so many stairs?!?
I don't own a couch
He's saying you're a potato
Ro Stoddart this is you
Plan for the long weekend: to get shit tonne of work done
REALITY: couch potato
you know you white when you're whiter than Madeleine Egerton
true
u in europe Ella Cannon
I've reached my lowest point when the colour of my skin is whiter then paper. Thx winter.
Plot Twist: Danny posted this
Daaamn Daniel!
Daniel Chandra civil eng in disguise
Pls not siwen
Matthew Ma :) or Kallen Doong or Simon Lee or David Do
James Wang build me a bridge
secretly hanging out in the civil engg building looking for the future husband that will build me a house <3
I don't know how I will survive after uni without my daily dose of trekking it from lower campus to upper
RIP Prince :'(
Our eyes met in the dark when it was scary. We talked and laughed at locked up birds, O dear Mary. The music on your arm was intertwined, and I was unaware that the Stars That Make Us just aligned. For in the darkened hue, you were gone from all but my mind. Now, I hope, this message you shall find.
I used 2000 points for the $2 discount smh
Vanessa Feng Goals for you
Mirin my 3.6k fruits in one game?
Stfu chong
Lmao I swear it's a FB glitch
HAHAHA 6000 WORKED FOR ME
DID YOU DOWNLOAD YET
NAH WILL DO :P
Let's just drop out of uni and make some $$$
I keep dying HAHAHA
This is our lives
But you only need 6k to get a boost
Ethan Lee i told u so
Who said procrastination is bad? I worked out that if you get 50 000 fruit on the boost app you get a free boost $$$$$
those cse hoodies are rank. you can see them from a mile away.
Fuck off, I'll wear thongs if I want to. Quit being an entitled fashion nazi and grow up.
Q: Why do I turn up to every class dripping in sweat? 
A: Basser Steps
Can guys pls stop wearing thongs, we don't need to see your hairy toes :(
Where would I be without coffee and all nighters in this world? Probably at cofa.
Not even :3
(a,b) lies on y=b-(b/a)x
:'(
XD
</3
<3
Annie Cai tjis is u
I had a good reason though, my laptop was out of battery :(
You still do it regardless lol
Sadly tru
Mary every time
I don't understand people who write down every single word from the lecture slides. Why even come, ur just embarrassing yourself
Are you a cat or a dog"
When no ones watching i like to roll around on library lawn to get a good back scratching session in before class!
Keanu Andrews THE DP HAHAHAHA
When you stalk your future husband on moodle participants because you didn't catch their name and need to be reminded of their sweet sweet face again :) :) :)
my type
big girls are fun girls
At least I'm not being over compensated for something else ;)
... tsk
but are you cute?"
savage
i prefer calling myself fun sized
this is actually my life tho lmao
Jeremy Blades doesn't even go here HAHAHAH
it doesn't matter HAHAHAHAHAH
OI I SAW HIM ON CAMPUS TODAY
Samin Hafiz Jeremy Blades Ariel Lowell this has got to be one of you
wow u deserve that punch
Still have 10% Hassan Gondal
Ryan Campbell you
Peter Sara you aint small
Leo Coleman, Jeremy Bowers is this either of you?
wut
feels
tfw when you're a male and you're smaller and thinner than 90% of the girls on campus
Nipuna remember what i said
Ellen Lam HAHA
HAHAH i usually forget mine out of stupidity but i just realised that may potentially have positive side effects...excellent
ya right i bet you do it on purpose
When it rains I purposely forget my umbrella. Just waiting for my prince charming to come save me from the rain. It's yet to happen.
Mufeed Oomatia it is okay
chindians are disgusting
HHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
I don't even use this page
Thampi Rawther only you could say this
Shahan Bhuiyan is this you
HAHAHA PAID!!!
Sachin Kinger lucky u don't have this problem
Harsh Makharia ;)
HAHAHHAHAHA M8
Lily Huynh AHHAAHAHAHAHAHAH RIP
100% confirm curries get the asian LGs
Amit gets plenty
Jason Travis you HAHAHAH
Why do all the asian girls flock to the asian guys? Don't they want to mix with my curry?
Calm down Sheldon"
I'm ready to stab someone in the face if they steal my usual seat in the library. Have you been sitting there every day this month? I think not, so fuck off before I turn you into mince beef.
Joyce defs does
fk off
Praveen - be the knight in shining armour
If you have a vagina, my D is all yours.
Ali R. Al-Nasser can give it to you
Dhyey Shah you know who to tag
I want the Dee
It's at these stressful times of sem that I want the D :/
Its 3rd year and people are complaining to me that they cant find civil eng industrial training. They think its because there is none but knowing their priorities, its actually because they're lazy af.
I've shoulder-checked so many people who walk on the wrong side. Not sorry. People need to learn.
Keen for winter, means i don't have to shave anything. Can let loose :)
Shahbaz maaatteeeeeee this why you didn't go to your lab u cheeky fk
Pranith Senatilaka HAHAHAHA mate that's why you were late to lecture
knock and ask if he needs a hand ^_^"
Oi fk off m8
Alen Huang, this u?
perHAAAAPS
Omg hahah
LOL
Victor Chan disgusting behaviour
If he didn't, I'm dissapointed
You promised you'd never tell anyone
Daniel Hazan it was defs you
Jay Heyman nah, no one saw me do it. Couldn't have been
Andrew Kaploun did you keep going after getting spotted?
a real pioneer in the field
Striving for Greatness
William Weng I didn't know you expanded your borders
I was beyond mortified when I caught someone having a sneaky wank in the cse toilets last fri night!
aw you're special ^_^
Jess Bey wtf lol
the real tragedy is the lack of  3D x 2D relationships on campus. For love you would fight against even the dimensional difference"
Shahan Bhuiyan sneaky
Unfortunately, length sometimes matters."
It's not the size of the boat it's the motion of the ocean but if you can't pull into dock it's just gonna sink"
what the fuck is this shit"
Dear white girls,
 I've noticed a recurring theme with couples not only at UNSW, but in the general city area. Theres plenty of caucasian couples, and theres more than enough asian couples. But the main thing I see are caucasian male/asian female couples. I'm not saying that its bad, they're all so cute and they're bound to make beautiful halfie children if they ever decide to take it that far.
But what I want to bring up, is why have I only seen five caucasian female/asian male couples??? Surely the should be a balance right? It has made trying to pick up girls a lot harder since a lot of white girls wont give me a chance, and they'll only see me as a friend or merely an acquaintance. So I'd like to ask, what is it about asian guys that white girls, and, most other females over other races find unappealing about asian males? Is it the stereotype that is off-putting? There's actually quite a few 'pretty boy' asians on campus like a friend of mine, but he also finds trying to maintain a conversation with a white girl difficult.
Also, hmu if ur into big blak dik, my name is shahan bhuiyan, i dont even go here but hmu yeyeyeye????????
Pls respond
Holding on to some secrets? Busting to get some advice from the people of UNSW? or just wanting to share some lolz?
Well, submit your confessions anonymously here:
http://anonymonkey.com/moderators/pages/20231/new/
you'll be glad you did it ;)
Maybe uni isn't for you? Or maybe it'll get better later. you do you, man."
we are all going crazy
I still cry myself to sleep at night
Bec remember ;)
Omg I wish I could forget lol
Scarred for life...
Mia remember the days?... Hahaha!
Dw man, it will get worse later."
Justin Huynh Steven Huynh beo (who I cannot tag) Ivan Zheng Leon Bob Chan Jeremy Suryadarma Steven Lam
All my friends love uni, but I think its horrid (especially COMP1917).  Is it just me or am I going crazy?
Nothing like some beastiality aye admin. I thought this was a confession page, not a animal cruelty salt factory."
Kinky though ;)"
I had sex with my kitten. 
Before you judge me, just consider: there aren't that many options in the West. 
Guy's gotta do what a guy's gotta do.
Aydin Ozden tings
Nicholas Joaquin found u
Simran something you would say you savage
ASB bathrooms were empty, so I pissed all over the floor. 
Soz not soz cleaners
Ur fault for getting a shit atar and going to TAFE
When u jerking off for two hours a day but exams are cummin up so u gotta cut back
:( :( :( :( :( :( :(
Heloise you all the time
I don't know how to function like a normal human being when I have assignments and tests due
Not all Beijing girls are that cold... But it is better to think it over....
edited
Where is Shengen?
Far from the destructive state of beijing
Drop the girl. Beijing girls are just as cold as the winter wind over there. A cold slap. Too shallow. Fking drop her. Find someone from GZ, SZ or the northern woman.
(Note: Not all of them)"
Lift and grow a beard bro"
Struggles of chasing...struggles of Englrish
Henry Chow damn LOL
rip your hairstyles bro"
A friend of mine told me never to date fobs Johnny Xiao
I have fell in love with a girl who comes from Beijing. She was graduated from UC Berkeley and USYD before. We chatted in wechat for almost a month, both of us enjoy this chating. I have sentiment to her and I believe so does she, until the first meeting! By that time, she invited me to have a dinner with her, I was just back from a evection , everything is so bad, my mental state, hairstyles etc. I could have delay the meeting, but from the consideration of gentle man, I didn't. So since that time, I lost her sentiment. Whatever the message I sent to her, just no reply. She told me we not suitable, but by very first time she said maybe there still have some free room we could try. This words encouraged me, I add all of her communication account and type her message. But she said this make her dislike, and feel a pelity of pressure. she said she likes manly, mature one. She said I was too child  My friend told me say I should cool down for a time period. I really really love this girl... What shall I do? Can anyone give me some advices?
HAHAHAHA bro don't you eat dogs?"
man why u gotta post this ur not helping the engineering stereotype at all pussy boy"
HAHAHA
But that ain't me
because no one sits next to you
Dats v true
That straight translation from Chinese to English... But don't u eat dogs bro?"
Before an Engg1811 lecture a girl decided to sit next to me while there are plenty of seats, I was shy and she was shy so we didn't have any conversation,does that mean im going to be a single dog forever?
100% u
oops Esma Bragg
pigeons are pretty well off socially actually, they're all very cosy with their flock"
Natasshya Sutanto HAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
Anika this was how I felt
lol there's a girl in my friendship group who is kind of a bitch and has the social skills of a pigeon but for some reason all my other friends love her and i seem to be the only one who sees through the veil of shit to see her for who she really is 
and so bc I'm the only one who sees this, i can't even bitch about her to my friends #devo
...and i just read this back and realised maybe I'm the bitch for saying this whoops
Nina Ablaza I don't understand this, can you explain?
HAHAHAHA omg I luv u"
You know you're a white girl when you struggle to wear an outfit that's not kookai
When are toga party tickets going on sale? I don't need this anxiety in my life
Girls who wear active wear every. single. day. Ugh
Richard Lies should we?
Relevant af
Pavneet Girn lmao
I think my tutor is giving me a disproportionate amount of eye contact. Is this a sign I could prostitute myself for an hd?
with a chair"
Hahaha, dude are you just going to tag me in everything that might possibly be relevant to me (I don't write things to UNSW confessions to confirm)
Edmond Lau is this u?
How do I hit on the hot guy in my tute?
Back at it again
Aydin OzdenPeter Nguyen first year feels
my kinda kink"
i thought i was the only one
Fume cupboard sounds sexy
Alex u
Secretly wanting my chem1011 lab partner to fuck me in the fume cupboard
you are not alone :P"
bro I am in the negatives, all the alchy made me forget wtf I learnt before the break :(
Yeah feels I'm still in 2015. Fml
Dominic Jeehoon Ha feels central
tru
Xylia dis u
Jacob McDonald legit
Kent Ye Kevin Ho Steven Lam Steven Huynh ZERO WORK
It wasn't a break. It was a pause that lasted five seconds fml Aima
W E DIDN'T EVEN MEET UP OMG
i... havent even finished set 1
physics is my lowest priority rn
actual same
Jaskiran our tendency to procrastinate is actually becoming a serious issue
Regret.
Soooooo much regret
YeeChing Chan
Fuck, mid-sem break is already finished and I did 0 work all week.
Netflix is both the best and the worst thing to happen to me
Arup Saha Aishwarya Venkatesan omg
Become friends with their friends, then slowly drift away."
Come and join us and make new friends!!"
So I have a group of friends but they keep doing stuff without me and I've mentioned that it kinda sucks but they haven't changed and I don't wanna bring it up again because I'll sound like a shitty broken record ... But they're my main friendship group - what do I do?
Praying for winter, so that every lecture doesn't smell like BO
When you're keen on the barista at coffee on campus, but he is probably gay... :'(
Hahahaha"
Christopher Chau problems....
How am I supposed to learn anything when my sexy af tutor for MATH1131 keeps looking at me....
Meghna Sudarshan , Ariel Zhang
Fuck, it's already wk 3 and i'm already behind... :'(
i hope that was ironic otherwise im gonna slit my wrists"
yassss kendall and kylie, you make my life complete <3
An you die now
Leo Liu your cover photo has made you famous
YES LEO
Econ1401 is all group work but the very fibres of my being repulse everyone in a 1km radius - I need hd hulp
huge noise in quad today - made everyone stop and look. Ngl thought a bomb was going off at unsw for a second
I wish I was a girl. I hate always having to make the first move and am jealous af of girls who always get approached and even reject people. I hate said people being me <\\3
we're not american so its ok"
Scared of gaining freshman 5
ROOD IDGAF ABOUT BOYS THEY SUCK
don't say that Joyce Lui
If I don't get a bf this year my family will think I'm retarded (they're probably right)
in push up bra s the world is such a horrifying place :C
idk those are advantages of being white big ass natural titties :3"
hope you're gay brah"
Richard Lies please respond
Hahaha, well, that really doesn't leave a lot of possibilities does it. Wadn't me
I'm a COMP1917 tutor this sem, here's hoping I get some ass ;)
Sure, this will be me on the day:
Alan Wen time to show off your moves
omg story of my life
same.
Arup Saha ahahahah omg
Can guys pls approach me in lectures next week I want this year to be like a romantic comedy
I read somewhere that Asian girls are the most desirable demographic but Asian guys are the least desirable. As an Asian guys this is quite distressing news
My shitty wam this sem will be because of Kendall and kylie
anime isn't real u kno"
Can't wait for uni to start so I have something to do other than watch incest documentaries
bleh, it's that time of year again... SRC campaigns :/
when staring at your crush's online icon will make them pop up, here's hoping...
Ya"
I check UNSW love letters everyday religiously and still nothing :'(
you would think climbing the basser steps everyday would make me more fit. wrong. I still struggle.
pretty sure 1) i'm business and 2) this is William Ng
Who the fuck is william ng
Kosta Dalianas....?
I go for the cute guys. Aaron Edward Michael Alan
Am I the only engineering dude who like chilling in ASB a lot because there are many cute and hot girls?
can this security scare thing send us all home pls
Great, the first step to recovery is realising the problem. The second step is to make an action. Please go see a counseller, or even talk to either a closest friend or complete stranger about whatever you feel like. If you feel like uni work is swamping you, remember uni workload is designed to be unreasonable, and the only way around that is to improve your task prioritising and time management."
1) Please don't shoot up the uni
2) Please don't shoot up the uni
3) Seek help!! Talk to a professional, not some 20y/o shitheads from uni
4) Please don't shoot up the uni"
Go see caps @ unsw"
I feel like life has lost its colour. I went into uni with the expectation that I'll be 'free'. 
I feel like I don't have time to do the things I love anymore...I feel like life's lost its meaning. I don't know if I'll ever get anywhere in life. 
Everything's a struggle. 
Advice would be appreciated...from Stella or anyone...
I remember that during an exam once I used the pen my teacher gave me 'for good luck'.
It ran out half way through an exam paper laden with essays and I nearly lost my shit when 3 more pens I picked out were all dried out.
So every time a pen dies on me, I freak out. 
Had a flashback just now whilst studying during the semester break *goes back to netflix*
Oh no you're like most people"
Mate you're like almost everyone from CSE"
I am still a virgin.
Fuck.
Who says you have to settle for one? ;)"
go watch some harem anime"
When there's so many guys that you're attracted to in your uni project group, that you just don't know which one to choose...
I just realised that the biggest loser is actually a pun
This sucks.
I was sitting in the front row of a lecture minding my own business when I have three people start poking me.
The back + the ribs = me falling down in front of everyone.
Fuck everyone.
The Liberals and how they fucked up in both ends."
Essays"
Getting jobs, the lack of lentils in their mums fridge, facts in Soviet history books..."
Now that Tony Abbott has been booted what will those guys have to complain about in front of the library?
The person behind me kept poking my neck during my lecture.
So, I coat my finger with saliva and slathered my neck with it.
Try poking that motherfuckers.
who is responsible for this Sharon?
IDK who could it beeee Patil Sevagian
Well the kebab boxes do that to you"
Lel plix Clancy toilets> law toilets
watch out dem law students will sue u one day Goff Lau
roflmao
Kappa. Dat law student reference
Matthew Ma happens after Goff Lau went in
If God loves us, why would he allow hell to exist in the Law Building Toilets? Even public toilets do not smell that fucking bad.
These are the things that keep me up nights"
Arup Saha shed some light for us
So long as you didn't witness the live show you'll get over it"
You just heard them, I saw mine doing it when I was around 7. I still can't get that image out of my head.... Sorry you're scarred with the sounds of your mum and dad doing it...."
So I just came home and even though I didn't see it (thank god), I know my parents were just having sex....and I'm disturbed af. Can't look at them the same and it was so uncomfortable. I hope some of you feel my pain and any tips on how to get past the awkwardness tomorrow?
If I had a dollar for every time the MATH 1041 lecturer says "For you who like calculus..." I'd still have a HECS debt
TSUN TSUN Alex Lu
LOLOL
Daniel McKeogh Bo Xu
I like to sneak into Milan Pahor lectures and open my laptop so Pahor-senpai will notice me. Then I go all tsun tsun and keep my laptop open so he stares at me longer. I hope his heart is going doki doki like mine <3
Got waken up by the cops when they rung the doorbell this morning.
This is it. That one time I illegally downloaded music in 2009 has come to bite me in the arse.
Thank goodness it turned out there was a dog running loose in my neighbourhood threatening to maul children.
If you're going to send me a snap plz dont add it to ur story!!! 
https://www.facebook.com/jiggy.papi/videos/1041391522546931/
LOL can't deal with you
HAHHAHA
seen"
Lol Amanda how could you;)
Its actually me who's the slow one but ok ;_;
^ He's actually a snail not even human
Says the mushroom >.>
Amanda Chen AHHAAH
Diksha Pokhun haha
AHAHAHAH
It was Neil
I hate slow repliers
No doubt. Doesn't come to his own lectures but goes to others
Peter Tran sounds like Grant Feng amirite?
try open office bruh"
I'm the one that hacked the UNSW fb page.
Jk I can barely operate powerpoint
Amita Rao Sam Thompson same
Amanda Chen stevee
I absolutely hate those fucking ibis birds but secretly I like to occasionally feed them. What can I say I love to hate them #hatersgonnahate
Fuck off yik yak
take panadol with a game of nose touching"
I struggle painting my nails because my hand keeps shaking, I can't draw a straight line without a ruler. Today when I was walking to my car I face planted. I think I'm getting Parkinsons.
Dear non-skate boarders (campus walkers),
Fellow students, if you see, or hear, a skateboard coming towards you just keep doing what you were doing, don't freak out.  Just like a bicyclist or another walker would be able to navigate around you and give you right of way, we can do the same too.  We're only going to run into you when you freakout and move into the direction we were going to go.  We don't want to hit you as much as you don't want to be hit, no one wins.  
Also, it is I, Jean Le-vannier who posted this. UNSW needs a page where you can just say stuff without hiding.
Dear friend that I have known for 7 months or so. I have no idea what your name is.... I'm sorry
UNSFW returns 
5/9/2015 - 6/9/2015 a weekend for the UNSW history books
Overheard at Central Station:
"My friend got a HD WAM and got rejected by CPA..."
"Whaaaat? That seriously sucks!"
Anyone attest to that?
Chilling in my car and before I leave some car pulls up in front of my neighbours house and then neighbour runs to street with a box of goon shouting "I am the king"
You should look into engineering!"
William Wu is single and looking
:3
(not that I think you're hot, but someone out there has to right)
seeing all these proposals at uni this week makes me realise I need a bf... where them hot guys at?
when you're a third year, and you attend open day just to scout out the possible hotties for next year ;)
When there's no point in bantering on the UNSW Confession's page so you start on the actual UNSW page while it's been hacked.
Never forget
http://puu.sh/k0b26/6a3667b8bb.jpg
You were the closest thing to a best friend I had ever had and it hurts so much now that I've lost you.
Are you okay"
r u ok?"
No.
What's wrong?
I need love :(
Ali Bukhari already knows i love him
You're not giving him enough it seems
Are you ok Ali Bukhari?
Having no one to reach out to is suffocating, I just wished someone would ask me if I was okay...
Overheard this gem at lunch, "how can you be a vet if you eat meat?"
I always hate going to the COFA campus and seeing the drop kick hipsters. In one class, the teacher asked the class to play music, so this long haired hipster raggerty ass wearing cloth mofo walks to the computer and plays some bullshit forest sounding music, followed by some bullshit sea dolphin music bullshit. followed by some bullshit fairy flower bells music....... FML
Kallen Doong maple failed me matlab is my new love
Matthew Ma help them with maple
I feel judged when asking for help from the matlab guys. it's not my fault that maple doesn't understand me.
Did you send this in?
NO OMFG the accuracy but HAHAHAHA
LOOOLLLL too accurate
Quincy Nguyen omg B Arts@ UWS
Law combined with engo?  Do you have a death wish m8?"
^"
I really hate it when the dropkicks from my highschool that do B Arts at UWS try to complain to me about how much work they have to do. Like BITCHES plsssss I do Law/Engo at UNSW.
Walking up the basser steps is the only exercise I've gotten all year
Don't even talk to me about that movie
to the tutor that just kicked us out, manners maketh man. Word for word, you said "If everyone could just disappear!" proves that you are, in fact, NOT. Get off your high horse. Your class turned up half an hr late anyway
I purposely drop my pen in lectures so I can sniff the long silky hair of the pwetty girl in front
Edrea Yeap :")
No better way to welcome my summer bikini bod than Max Brenner every 2nd day
Im sick of all the UNSW Confessions pages. I dont even know which is active anymore. I have a slight feeling its this one.. but with 382 people, its not winning any awards.
who needs to buy p plates when you can just yank them off other p drivers ;)
:O WHO DARES DISSES STELLA WOWWW  so immature D: people these days...
l think it was to that post where people were asking for Stella's advice and not others. The OP must have been annoyed or something
To the person who dissed Stella(r) Wang...
Fuck off.
Sincerely, someone who learnt heaps from her anime shit.
U mad bro?"
hahahahahahaha no
Stephen Prorellis dis u?
UTS is a useless university for subhumans. "You didn't make it? Come here to UTS! We're innovative!" Piss off with your stupid gimmicks that go under the guise of 'innovation.' Your painfully low ATARs are also really quite annoying. It's like, "You're a crappy student who'll never make it anywhere in life? Come right in, UTS is your home!!!" It's the UWS (or WSU or whatever the hell) of the CBD. The lowest of the low. Scraping the dirt barrel.
Tonny Ngo Maaz Ansari Ian Taylor he couldn't even say it with a straight face
his face was that of awe as he gazed up at the UTS masterrace in all of our glory.
uts...HAHAHAH!!!! .sorry i couldnt say that with a straight face! HAHAHAH"
unsw or usyd?
I think it's mostly comedic value, but if people actually need help, then yeah they shouldnt ask me especially"
Something tells me the posters don't even need advice."
You got me!
Jeremy Soumpholphakdy is this u
I'm sick of all the Stella Wang posts. If you're going to someone else who is getting all their advice from unrealistic anime romances. You need REAL help. 
I'm not hating on Stella but seriously. Stop with those types of posts. It's an entire page with other people willing to give you advice. If you only want hers, just message her from a throwaway.
Daniel it was you, wasn't it?
Riya Dalal holy shit this was you wasnt it
This is how a 2hr conversion in the MATH1231 lecture started on Tuesday,
Friend 1: Did you know that potatoes can be scalloped?
Friend 2: Yeah, it's so weird! Does that mean potatoes are scallops?
Friend 1: Though, scallops are seafood.
Friend 2: So potatoes are scallops and so are seafood? Potatoes are from the sea?
This conversation on potatoes lasted for the 2 whole hours of the math lecture! I know potatoes are an integral part of everyone's diet, but next time can you please go somewhere else and talk about potatoes!
I have a tutor that says 'everyone understand?' and then looks directly at me in the eyes like every time and gives me this little condescending smile like I'm 12. Does she think I'm an idiot or something?
My tutor called me beautiful in front of the whole class and I feel really weird about it
Patrick Pho Can't appreciate the taytay
Did anyone else cringe at the amount of times the lecturer played Taylor Swift in the MGMT1001 lecture on Monday?
How are there so many people getting the D from their tutors? I still havent even gotten my last assignment back :/
I'm trading my tutor Ds for Ds, what do you think I have to trade to get a HD?
I'm sure you guys can hold back your desire to mount each other for one hour every week"
My tutors been giving me the D, and I don't know how much longer we can keep doing it before someone finds out... I feel like others in our tute are going to notice our constant desire for each other soon
HHAHHAHA WTF
Angela Kwan fkn
"
Chloe Wong HAHAHAHA
I had a dream last night that pepe was A.
"
Hey admin. I heard you're a chick. 
Wanna have sex?
complete bull"
I had sex with my cow.
that are a few! i heard one say to her friend "toma-chan! konnichiwa~~" today"
Definitely not in Nippon Student's Association."
Emily West you can be half his friend? haha
Where are the Jap girls at UNSW? I wanna make friends with them :)
Thank God I screwed the FINS16 12 quiz
H8rz gon h8.
Jessica They're dissing your birds.
Jenevieve Zhang Christine Luo us today LOL
Fuck off Ibis birds
Can someone buy some clearasil for the moodle guy #pimplesdoe
Every time my friends complain about me being a miser, I go home and wipe my tears with the money they don't have.
As a p plate, I get personally offended when I don't get pulled over for random breath testing
Are you 40+? If not then you have no relation to that movie......."
I watched the 40 year old virgin with friends last night, little do they know I'm actually a virgin and I have a part time job at jb hifi
Tiffany Mak lol
whenever I drive past another p plater, i always look to see if they're hot...
I'm jealous of my dogs life
"
all these Pepes are creeping me the fuck out...
I have never been more socially active as I am at uni. Although I have so many friends I can't help but feel alone all the time. Its like you have heaps of friends but all of those friendships feel disposable. Does this happen to anyone else?
anime"
Disney movies"
Women's romance novels"
Focus on developing yourself then you won't be beta. Beta is in the mind my friend."
Where can a beta guy like me go to learn how to be a charming casanova?
As the person in charge of compiling my group's report, I have to constantly nag everyone to give me their part, even though that makes me a massive hypocrite cause I haven't even started my part
I wouldn't say plumber, garbage men and electricians pay better ^o^"
Some things will just never interest you / become your "thing", so your brain will always reject them! :p you're probably great in your own area of interest / talent, OP. (y) No point enforcing the fish tryna climb a tree business here."
The most embarrassing thing happened to me today. 
So I'm a Masters of Commerce student, right. And I was struggling with my homework. It involved some easy mathematics, but I was screwing it up. I know, clearly I'm subhuman scum that deserves the mathematical version Auschwitz, but whatevs.
So I get some help. Who from? From some douchebag chemical engineering FIRST YEAR STUDENT. This is my tenth year, and I'm getting maths homework help from a thirsty first year.
Holy crap.
I now understand how useless I am and what a drain I am on society. I should have listened to my parents and become a plumber. Better job prospects for way less dosh. It's too late now, though. I think I'm just going to OD on ecstasy.
Bye bye turds
Stella Wang is Love, Stella Wang is Life
Lol. There is no moral to this story. It sounds like this person was messed up to even kill the pet in the first place."
What did I just read"
I killed my pet ferret.
When my parents were screwing in the bedroom, 10 year old me grabbed the furry little critter by its neck and dashed its head against the floor multiple times. I felt the life go out of its eye when it died and then I got really sad and depressed and started cutting myself. Got into the pot, and then into the ecstasy and LSD and ice. I felt like an evil villain and I just wanted out. Eventually I got into heroin, which gave me exactly the kind of high that I needed to just get away from my wretched self. I felt the bloody ferret's neck break. I heard it crack. I saw its pleading eyes before it died. The memory haunted me and I had to get away from it.
I got into rehab and got my life back on track. But I've still got clinical depression and I go to the psychiatrist regularly for medication and counseling.
Moral of the story: don't bloody kill your pets.
Tru"
Daniel McKeogh Bo Xu
One day I'm gonna go around Doncaster/Mooramie/Cottenham and key the fuck outta every car that parks in the middle of a two-car parking space.
I can't wait until I can mark my name off the roll and leave this lecture.
Two years ago, as an volunteer and UNSW student at the Kingsford Legal Centre in the Law Building I had to defend a fellow student for possessing illicit substances at a party.
Wherever you are girl, I hope you're clean of drugs. If that's not the case, here's a simple educational video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgGTf_93Ybs
When you have to write 500-800 words describing the process by which you came up with one sentence.
Too hot to Handel Ellie Robson
tbh i didnt even know we had a music faculty at UNSW, but all the chicks in there are really hip and hot. I got the D major ;)
http://youtu.be/ZR_X6PrASho
(Y)
not even a rare pepe"
You probably made her day ;D (y) ! and she's probably been through enough in her life to smile at recognising that feeling of joy you had, rather than smiling to laugh at you. ^_^"
I was in a really good mood the other day and I was listening to my music while walking home. I thought that no one was around was a did a little skip along to my music... then I looked left and saw a little old lady grinning at me from her front garden.
Why is my life an embarrassment?
Confession:
When confessions came down, I had a panic attack. It was all I lived for. I had to wank to oblivion to even start functioning again. 
And now there's this shit page popping up claiming to be confessions, but there's very few people, there's no explanation as to what happened, there's an annoying time signature at the end of every post, AND THERE'S NO PEPE!!!
Admin, get your shit together.
I have to confess that I secretly judge those who own iPhones instead of Android devices in the engineering department. Why would you pay an huge markup just for the brand and get less even ability to customize your phone? That in itself just boggles me.
"
I'd love to rub my hands along that prickly chin of the Moodle hottie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZvKGXNEI0Y
I can't stop staring at my COMP1927 tutors bulge.
Heloise Kennedy lol
I secretly wank in the bathrooms to the barista at quad coffee shop ;)
I'm really curious if this is the new UNSW confessions page coz the UNSW confessions page with the Pepe the frog disappeared
Not funny"
But it seems the Pepe bloodline has lived on so"
To answer all your dying questions - we regret to inform you that yesterday in the early hours of the morning, the old admin were victims of a brutal trampling on the Basser steps. We are grateful for all the condolences we have received.
When I reverse park, as soon as another car comes up behind me I panic and abort.
Bianca Lao!!
I watch serial killer documentaries in my spare time.
I know that feel
Especially when my train is in like 3 minutes...
And then he/she turns left
to OP: the only rational reason I can think of (for the bus turning left instead of going straight down Eddy) is where the bus is going to next. If the bus turns left (to Elizabeth) the bus will (probably) continue straight ahead north on Elizabeth St after its dropped all of us off (potentially to start its next consignment at Circular Quay or somewhere north of the city). Meanwhile if the bus goes to Eddy Ave its possible that its next consignment is either at or somewhere south of Railway Square. That and also its not good practice to have bus after bus pulling up outside a traffic light on Eddy Ave to drop passengers off (and imagine having a whole line of 891s clogging up a whole Eddy Ave lane, with only 1 bus being able to let off passengers at a time)."
When the 891/895 turns the left at the corner instead of down onto Eddy Avenue, I want to cry - why u do dis to me?
After starting at uni i made a small group of friends. It was fine for a little while but now one of the girls has started scaring me a little, she's openly declared herself the grandmother of the group and bosses us around all the time. I'm scared and don't know what to do. Please don't strangle me with your scarf  Boris
Ethan Ou i gotchu bro <3
I'm first year arts (transferred from usyd) and when I feel like I have no direction in life I like to wander around the uni aimlessly and take 240sec snapchat stories and write blog posts online about human thinking. Can anyone help me with my strange addiction???
But it doesnt smell like anything..."
I pretend to stumble and lose my balance on the 891 for the sole purpose of smelling girl's hair.
Lol, you got fired before you had a single shift.
I got fired from maccas, if that helps you sleep at night."
I applied for Maccas and my application got rejected. What shithead can't get an interview at Maccas ;(
Emily :P
UNSW Confessions
I have a fetish for huge nipples
